welcome back to our review by project
time psycho and in this part i'm going
to be reviewing need for speed most
wanted so the interest because wanted as
all of the games before is a classical
racing game as all the series it has
been developed by EA games and published
by them but this one has been most
wanted has been developed with black box
as well most one it is the ninth part in
this series and as an underground two
features an open world exploring kind of
style if you want it the story itself is
great at feature it is pretty much about
arriving into rock port city defeating
all your rivals getting your car back
from razor and becoming the most wanted
racer in the city the story hasn't been
changed from the previous parts heavens
hasn't been much change from the
previous parts you basically have one
rival which you're into the feet and
kind of race him in the end the gameplay
itself well it's still is a racing game
as said before and after a few games
both wanted again introduces cups into
the game it introduces the caps and
continues the open-world play style so
those are pretty much some of my
favorite parts through the game because
the cops can be quote came from quite
difficult
times but are really much of a challenge
though but the gameplay itself as far as
it goes is really great again it
features lots of cars and customizations
that hasn't been really changed a lot
except they added a few new cars some
new customizations throughout the game
the graphic themselves are really good
EA games kind of focused a bit more on
the environment this time but still the
main focus of the graphics is still on
the car and on the details pretty much
on your car the cars of your rivals and
some of the police cars environment test
set isn't that much detailed so so the
game kind of runs smoothly even on other
computers so yeah I said the graphics
have been focused on the cars and on
everything else except the environment
around you so in my opinion the game is
really great it's kind of difficult at
times but pretty much playable
throughout the whole game with without
much difficulty and the cops can be a
bit difficult at
levels at higher levels but can can
easily be passed through in the earlier
ones the the part that kind of gets on
my nerves and it is about the amount of
bounty you have to collect on some parts
but it gives you the the real kind of
Most Wanted experience throughout the
whole game so it's a great thing
although a great story with right with
decent graphics for now so truly worth
playing if you haven't played in here I
recommend it to all you guys and that's
gonna be all for my side so I don't
forget to like a subscribe comment on
the videos then I'm gonna see you guys
in the next one